Update use-sso-in-event-based-activation.md (#4691)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/use-sso-in-event-based-activation.md

}
```

> Host the JSON file under a location named `.well-known` in the URI at the root of the origin. For example, if the origin is `https://addin.contoso.com:8000/`, then the well-known URI is `https://addin.contoso.com:8000/.well-known/microsoft-officeaddins-allowed.json`. For clarification, this file is to be hosted in your Office JavaScript add-in, not at the web server that you're attempting to make a CORS request to. For a more detailed example see [Office Add-in Samples](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/51202dfea8c61c3c0f9fbd8a5f4075b2fd41ace3/Samples/auth/Outlook-Add-in-SSO-events/public/.well-known/microsoft-officeaddins-allowed.json#L5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host the JSON file under a location named `.well-known` in the URI at the root of the origin. For example, if the origin is `https://addin.contoso.com:8000/`, then the well-known URI is `https://addin.contoso.com:8000/.well-known/microsoft-officeaddins-allowed.json`. For clarification, this file is to be hosted in your Office Web Add-in, not the web server that you're attempting to make a CORS request to. See the [Outlook-Add-in-SSO-events](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/main/Samples/auth/Outlook-Add-in-SSO-events/public/.well-known/microsoft-officeaddins-allowed.json) sample for an example using the recommended location.
```
